Notes:

These are some things that we were looking at when we were starting to try to figure out places that we wanted to look at for our loved one.

Food - made on site? ordered in?
Room layout, ward, private, semi
complaints
employment turnover
Doctor, dentist, hair care, foot care
Dementia unit

- Most frustrating thing is that none of the websites show pictures of the actual rooms. I understand not taking pictures of them while someone is living there, but they are occasionally empty.
- Some of the Websites are absolutely terrible. The process of finding the information you're looking for is not easy.

I struggle with whether or not to include the number of inspection reports per year, as I'm afraid it may apply a negative connotation to the home. I think it's important for people to take a look at the inspection reports for the homes they are considering, however it is hard to know why some homes have far more reports than others and I fear that the automatic response is to assume that the facility is of lesser quality than one with less reports. Of course, there is the possibility that they have had more incidents that required investigating than another facility; However, maybe the ones with higher investigations have done a better job of taking responsibility for the incidents and are therefore learning better ways to avoid them in the future. Maybe the homes with lesser reports are not having their incidents reported appropriately or maybe they've just had less incidents. There is really no way to know for sure and so for these reasons I think I'm going to remove these from my data and recommend that people still further their research on the facilities that they are considering for their loved ones.


Links
https://www.northwesthealthline.ca/index.aspx
https://www.northeasthealthline.ca/index.aspx

https://publicreporting.ltchomes.net/en-ca/Default.aspx
https://www.ontario.ca/page/long-term-care-ontario

https://www.hqontario.ca/System-Performance/Long-Term-Care-Home-Performance
